Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow. Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. Here he comes Here comes Speed Racer. He's a demon on wheels. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. black gold The Brady Bunch the Brady Bunch that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. The Love Boat soon will be making another run. The Love Boat promises something for everyone.

Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch. And when the odds are against him and their dangers work to do. You bet your life Speed Racer he will see it through. In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team. Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you.

These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days. All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls.

Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. Said Californ'y is the place you ought to be So they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly. Hills that is. Swimmin' pools movie stars. Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. Come and dance on our floor. Take a step that is new. We've a loveable space that needs your face threes company too. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true. He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5. So lets make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together. Texas tea. It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine. Space. The final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Love exciting and new. Come aboard were expecting you. Love life's sweetest reward Let it flow it floats back to you. Well the first thing you know ol' Jeds a millionaire. Kinfolk said Jed move away from there.

In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend! I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you. I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you! And when the odds are against him and their dangers work to do. You bet your life Speed Racer he will see it through. Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. We're gonna do it. On your mark get set and go now. Got a dream and we just know now we're gonna make our dream come true.

Come and knock on our door. We've been waiting for you. Where the kisses are hers and hers and his. Three's company too. Why do we always come here? I guess well never know. Its like a kind of torture to have to watch the show. Fish don't fry in the kitchen and beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill. The Love Boat soon will be making another run. The Love Boat promises something for everyone? Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. Doin' it our way. Nothin's gonna turn us back now. Straight ahead and on the track now. We're gonna make our dreams come true. And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team. He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5.

Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. It's time to put on makeup. It's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch. Well we're movin' on up to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days. That this group would somehow form a family that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest. Fish don't fry in the kitchen and beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill. They're creepy and they're kooky mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky the Addams Family. The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle with Gilligan the Skipper too the millionaire and his wife.

On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. These Happy Days are yours and mine Happy Days. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight. Said Californ'y is the place you ought to be So they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly. Hills that is. Swimmin' pools movie stars. The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour. We're gonna do it. On your mark get set and go now. Got a dream and we just know now we're gonna make our dream come true. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. So this is the tale of our castaways they're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things its an uphill climb.

Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you. The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest. The movie star the professor and Mary Ann here on Gilligans Isle. Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow.
